170: Update 2021-10-13-newsletter.md (#668)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2021-10-13-newsletter.md

    estimate the size of the inputs required to spend those outputs (and therefore
    the fee required to spend the outputs).

- [Bitcoin Core #22340][] After a block is mined, it is broadcast to the p2p network,
  where it will eventually be relayed to all nodes on the network. Traditionally,
  there have been two methods to relay blocks: legacy relay and [BIP152][]-style
  [compact block relay][topic compact block relay].

>   A node started with the `-blocksonly` setting does not participate in incoming transaction relay to reduce its
>   bandwidth usage, and therefore, does have an empty mempool. Therefore, compact blocks are

Reviewer: Perhaps even better:

```suggestion
  A node started with the `-blocksonly` setting does not accept relayed transactions from public nodes to reduce its
  bandwidth usage, and so usually has an empty mempool. Therefore, compact blocks are
``````
